# Bioinfo-Protein-Project

#This github repository will serve as the single container for the Bioinformatics Project, and will be partitioned in multiple folders for cleaner project organisation. It will contain Projects (all the individual project scripts), Datasets (all the raw data), General Scripts (commonly used scripts that will be cross-project), and Bin (small scripts). 

#This repository now hosts an prediction script called SVMPredictor.py, which takes FASTA format files and returns a prediction based on a trained model. The model was trained using a dataset of 50 proteins from the buried-exposed.3line.txt dataset. An example FASTA file to test the predictor with is 5W0P_A.FASTA.txt, located in the Datasets folder. The predictor has been configured by default to run this test file.

# Update 2018 14 Mar. This repository now includes a prediction script called FinalPredictor.py which uses 2 models, one trained using AA sequences (output_50.pkl) and the other PSSM profiles (PSSMouput.pkl), both located in the datasets folder. This script can be used to run predictions on new sequences. Do note that the PSSM predictor first requires the user to use FASTAParser to parse a file containing multiple sequences into individual FASTA files, then using bash file PSSMbash to generate PSSM profiles for these FASTA files using PSI-BLAST. This can then be used as input to the predictor script. A testfile for this script has been included in the datasets, called 50Extra.txt which can be fed directly to the AA seq model predictor, and has also been parsed and BLASTed for feeding to the PSSM model predictor. The predictor will create an output text file in Predicted folder with a date and time stamp.
